update changelog (#2236)
ioBroker/ioBroker.js-controller: CHANGELOG.md

* (foxriver76) update apt sources before installing os dependencies
* (foxriver76) Only skip erase on upload if opted out explicitly to always cleanup unneeded files
* (foxriver76) Try to fix strange alias errors, inform us if it happens again!
* (foxriver76) Remove windows bat files completely, installer will create them when needed
* (AlCalzone/Apollon77) Update jsonl db to prevent locking issues
* (foxriver76) Fixes `iob file sync` not working for jsonl
* (foxriver76) Do not crash if we cannot initialize db backup directory on start
* (foxriver76) Fixed issue with certificate validity on leap years
* (Apollon77/foxriver76) Make sure that all relevant files are removed when eraseOnUpload is used
* (Apollon77, foxriver76, bluefox, AlCalzone) Several fixes and refactorings to prevent potential crash cases reported by Sentry and other sources

**Developer relevant DEPRECATIONS/WARNINGS**
* Deprecate binary states, Migrate your adapters to use Files instead!
* If you need to access special js-controller common tools please use adapter-core instead of js-controller directly - see https://github.com/ioBroker/adapter-core#commontools

> * Parameter that contain patterns ("mqtt.*" as example) are now checked forallowed characters ad general correctness!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Parameter that contain patterns (e.g. `mqtt.*`) are now checked for allowed characters and general correctness!
```

* (foxriver76) Ensure setObjectNotExists returns id on success
* (foxriver76) Fix Typings for sendTo/sendToHost
* (Bluefox) Add User permission check to requireLog

> * (foxriver76) added nonEdit to types and document functionality

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (foxriver76) added `nonEdit` property of objects to types and document functionality
```
